## Wolf Stalker ##

Kate followed Joe into the coffee bar, admiring the way his jeans clung to that tight little butt like a jelly mould - mmmmm! 
Racing past him, she grabbed a chair and deliberately stretched her long, slim legs onto the nearest c6ffee 
table, blocking his path. 
“Fancy sharing a slice of pecan pie?” she said, grinning like a maniac. You know what they say. Two forks, 
twice the fun.” 
Joe mumbled something under his breath, stepped casually over her legs, and headed for the snack bar. 
Unbelievable! Kate chucked her bag at the chair opposite, severely miffed. 
It wasn’t the first time he’d acted all aloof and blanked her. If she caught his eye in the college refectory, he 
ducked behind his floppy black hair. Her special lip gloss barely got a smile out of him. She was lucky if he 
remembered her name. He’d called her Cody twice this week. 
Every other lad in the entire sixth form college was easy snogging-fodder. Kate knew 
exactly how to grab their attention. 
But Mr. Cool Computer Guy was playing hard to get. The challenge of the century. Indifferent, independent, 
and seriously cute with it. Kate leant on her elbows with a sigh, watching him order at the counter. 
Those dreamy blue eyes, moody eyebrows, and baby soft skin. Oh to be gorgeous Joe’s coffee mug. 
Caressed by those luscious lips. 
The only place she could grab his total attention was on the Internet. Cyber-flirting. For the last two weeks, 
she’d been sneaking into the computer room, sending him cheeky anonymous messages. But it just wasn’t 
enough. 
Kate wanted some real love action. A snog on the information-super~highway was kind of difficult. But 
tonight, Shelley was having a birthday party. It was going to be huge. And she lived in a big old house, full of 
cosy snogging corners. 
She’d catch Joe in a smoochy mood and ... 
“You owe me a coffee.” Sarah collapsed in a chair beside Kate, blocking her view with a grin. “Black, no 
sugar. And no floaty bits on the top.” 
Kate leapt up and threw her magazine at Sarah. “Here, have a go at the Compatibility Quiz. I may be gone 
some time. 
Kate was never this keen to get coffee. Sarah swiveled round in her chair and saw Joe 
standing at the counter. Mystery solved. Kate was moving in on him for yet another flirt. 
It was embarrassing. Kate flicked her strawberry blonde locks, and twisted his jumper round her fingers, 
yanking him closer. 
If the college ever ran a course in attention seeking, Kate would get a distinction. With honors. And a medal. 
And why did she suddenly fancy Joe? Sarah had to admit he was pretty cute, but what about his personality? 
She wasn’t even sure he had one. Without a personality he was just a pair of lips. Kate might as well snog a 
camel. 
Joe walked away from the counter, closely followed by Kate. Sarah grabbed the magazine and pretended to 
read it. 
“So?” Kate shuffled up next to her, coffeeless. “What do you think of him?” 
“He’s into computers, right?” Sarah studied his rear view carefully as he walked back to his table. “Not 
exactly deep and meaningful. What does he talk about?” 
Kate frowned. “Who cares about conversation? Do you think he’s up for a snog?” 
“Is that all you want him for? Lip suction?” 
“Sarah,” Kate giggled, grabbing the magazine Out of her hands. “It’s just a bit of harmless fun.” 
Fun. Kate’s favorite word. The only thing she took seriously was having a good time. 
Sarah peeled off her leather jacket and threw it at her friend. “Any chance of that coffee? Like sometime 
today?” 
“Only if you’re paying.” Kate held out her hand for some money, promising, “I’ll buy next time.” 
“Yeah, right. And pigs might fly.” Kate owed her ten coffees and two muffins, at the last count. But even best 
mates weren’t perfect. 
Kate came back from the coffee bar with two big mugs and a couple of cookies. 
“I’ve just heard something really interesting,” she said, with a mysterious smile. “Guess who’s going to 
Shelley’s party?” 
“Shelley’s party, Shelley’s party,” Sarah mocked. She was sick of hearing about it. What was so special about a 
dumb party anyway? 
Kate ignored her little outburst. “I’ll give you a clue.” She dunked her cookie in her mug. “He’s tall and scruffy. 
Never been seen without a guitar. . 
Sarah squeezed Kate’s fingers so tightly that they turned white. “Mark?” she gasped, quickly checking he 
wasn’t about. “I thought he was playing a gig tonight at North Street, with the Judas Trees.” 
“It’s been cancelled.” 
“Why?” 
“How should I know?” Kate shrugged, rescuing a lump of soggy cookie from the table. “The manager probably 
heard them rehearsing.” 
Sarah flopped back in her chair. She’d almost decided to skip Shelley’s party for a thrilling night in, with a tub 
of ice-cream and a video. Anything was better than watching Kate drool over Joe. 
And PJ, her other best friend, had been acting really weird for weeks. Sarah had no idea why. PJ never shared 
juicy personal stuff about lads. 
But now that Mark was going to the party, she might as well tag along. 
She shot up in a sudden panic. “What am I going to wear?” The Judes wore cool indie clothes. Just the kind of 
image she was working on for herself - With a touch more color and style. 
“I’ve gotta go.” She grabbed her art folder. “Boots shuts in fifteen minutes.” 
“What about PJ?” Kate yelled after her. 
“She’s meeting us there. Eight thirty. Don’t be late.” 


