
##Dating Games##
“Guess what I’ve got in my pocket?” Sarah skipped over Kate’s legs and sat on the coffee table, grinning from 
ear to ear. 
“The money you owe me from the other night?” said PJ, hopefully. 
Sarah ignored her. “I’ll give you a clue.” She pulled a tiny scrap of paper out of her jacket. 
“It’s a shopping list,” yawned Kate. “So what?” 
Sarah thumped her on the leg. 
“Ow! What was that for?” 
“It’s not a shopping list, stupid, it’s a love letter.” 
“Oh my God!” Kate shrieked, squashing up on the table beside her. “From Mark?” 
“Who else?” Sarah waved it teasingly in front of her face. “But you probably don’t want to hear what it says.” 
“Just try me.” Kate snatched it out of her hands. “Where’s the rest of it? You said it was a letter, this is barely 
a note.” 
Sarah always exaggerated. She couldn’t just have 
A headache, it had to be a brain tumor. Kate cleared her throat and read the note out loud. 
“Friday night in the bushes was amazing. Meet me outside college today, four o’clock. Mark.” Kate folded it 
up again, teasing, “What were you two doing in the bushes? Bird watching?” 
“Just talking.” Sarah picked at Kate’s toasted peanut butter bagel with a secretive smile. “Maybe I should go 
home now? I’ve got to find something to wear for tonight.” 
“You’ve only just had breakfast,” Kate frowned, moving her plate before Sarah scoffed the lot. 
“So? Is there a law against looking stunning on a first date?” 
Sarah leant back against the wall. She pressed Mark’s note to her nostrils. It smelt of patchouli oil. If she 
closed her eyes she could feel him kissing her all over again. 
PJ rolled her eyes at Kate. It was useless trying to talk to Sarah when she had that dreamy look. You could get 
more sense out of a Blue Peter pet. 
“What’s happening with Joe?” she asked Kate instead. “Are you two officially an item now?” 
“I’m meeting him tonight for a pizza.” 
“In a restaurant?” Sarah sat up, suddenly back in the real world. “That means he’ll actually have to talk to you. 
Like in sentences.” 
“Joe and I have a deep and spiritual connection,” Kate joked. “We don’t need words.” 
“Just breath mints and saliva.” PJ chucked her a stick of chewing gum. 
“Do you think pizza’s kind of dull for a first date?” Kate sighed. 
“Pizza’s perfect, you have to go,” said Sarah, producing a magazine from her bag. “Just listen to your 
horoscope.”Scorpio," she read. "Today Venus, the planet of love, is partying hard in your sign. Sparks fly at a 
lunch or dinner date, leaving you in no doubt about your true feelings." See,” she shoved the page under Kate’s 
nose, “pizza is your destiny.” 
“So what does mine say?” PJ asked eagerly, pointing to the Libra Lovescope. 
“You love to share your thoughts and emotions.” Sarah paused. A clam was more willing to share its feeling 
than PJ. “But a special Sagittarian lad wants to get to know you too well. Take care! This boy’s trouble. Confide 
in your friends instead - it’s much safer.” 
“Confide in your friends,” Kate repeated, tugging at PJ’s sleeve. “You have to tell us about Conrad now. It’s in 
the stars.” 
“And I did let you read my love letter.” Sarah grabbed PJ’s bag, holding it hostage. “You’re not getting this 
back until you give us details.” 
“Actually,” sighed PJ, pinching the rest of Kate’s bagel, “there is something important you should all know.” 
She put her arms around both of them and whispered, “Conrad isn’t a Sagittarian.” 
She escaped over the back of the chairs, grabbing her bag, and dived out of the coffee bar, giggling. 
Conrad would be waiting for her in Business Studies. She’d met him once that morning already, at eight 
o’clock, in a greasy spoon cafe” for breakfast. 
She’d walked in and caught him admiring his own reflection in the cutlery. 
“Have you ever noticed how big your nose looks in the back of a spoon?” he’d said, checking it from different 
angles. 
“You know what they say,” she’d said. “Fat head, big nose.” 
God, he was so vain! She couldn’t resist a quick tease. He didn’t know how to handle it. Conrad might be good 
at sports, but she was an expert in other kinds of games. 
He’d ordered Danish pastries and coffee, and found them a private little table at the back of the cafe”. He could 
be quite sweet - when he tried. He’d even brought her a present. A tiny plastic elephant on a shoe lace. 
“It cost me a fortune,” he’d grinned, tying it round her wrist like a charm bracelet. 
“You mean it fell out of a cereal packet.” 
“OK,” he’d laughed. “But it took me hours to choose a matching shoe lace.” 
She checked it was still round her wrist. He’d made her promise to wear it twenty-four hours a day. 
Maybe he gave them to all his girlfriends, like a sort of identity bracelet? 
The Business Studies room was in chaos as usual. Conrad was already there, looking totally delicious in a 
warm, huggable jumper, still rubbing sleep out of his eyes. 
He brushed her arm with his fingers as she sat down, making her skin tingle. 
“Have you missed me?” he yawned, sleepily. 
“Since breakfast?” PJ pinched his leg. “I. think I could have survived until lunch-time.” 
He grinned, stretching his arm around the back of her chair. “I’ve got a footie match tomorrow night. Come 
and watch me play?” He didn’t have time for a real date. And PJ would look cute on the touch line. 
“I might,” PJ shrugged. “If you’re lucky.” 
A whole ninety minutes of Conrad’s legs. She’d be there early, with plasters and massage oil. What else 
were girlfriends for, right? 
Sarah stood outside college at the end of afternoon lessons, giving her lashes a quick touch of mascara. She read 
her horoscope again. 
“Taurians,” it said. “Be prepared for the night of your life! This guy is crazy about you and he’s not afraid to 
show it.” 
He might be crazy about her, but he was also nineteen minutes late. She seemed to spend her entire life just 
waiting for Mark to show up. 
 At least he wasn’t avoiding her. She felt for the patchouli scented note in her pocket. He’d slipped it into her 
locker before lessons. Typical male Aquarian behavior - deeply romantic, once he’d found the right girl. 
“Hey, Sarah.” He was here at last. Driving up in an old blue convertible with the hood down. It was 
definitely the kind of car you got noticed in. 
“Am I late?” 
Late, but incredibly cute. She’d forgiven him already. 
“I’ve only just got here too,” Sarah shrugged. “I thought you might have gone without me.” 
OK, so it was a lie. But rock-chicks were always late. And she had her image to consider. 
“Jump in.” He patted the maroon leather seat with a mischievous grin. “The door doesn’t open so you’ll 
have to climb over.” 
That wasn’t easy in a long dress, not without half the world catching a glimpse of her knickers. 
“Sorry about the party. I shouldn’t have abandoned you in the bushes.” 
“Don’t worry.” She bumped onto the seat beside him. “You can make it up to me now. 
“Sure.” He stared at her over his shades with a dangerous smile. “I’ll take you somewhere 
really special.” 
A moonlit walk along the beach? Or a wild night out with the Judes maybe? Mark was the baby of the band. 
The rest of the guys had already left college. They probably knew loads of cool clubs and places just to hang out 
and be seen. 
They cruised out of the gates past a couple of her mates from Art class. Perfect timing. By tomorrow morning, it 
would be all over the college. Sarah and Mark - a match made in heaven. Item of the year. 
She sighed happily and shuffled up closer to Mark and his exclusive Judas Tree T-shirt, just as he pulled into the 
city ice-rink car park. 
“This is it,” he beamed at her. 
It had to be a joke. Lads in bands gatecrashed parties, they acted cool at clubs, gigs and rehearsals. But ice
skating? 
“We’re meeting the Judes inside?” she asked hopefully. 
“No.” He gave her hand a quick squeeze. “Tonight it’s just you and me. 
And two hundred other skaters. Very intimate. She had hoped he’d take her somewhere a little more mature, so 
that they could talk. 
She fastened her boots as slowly as she could, watching Mark showing off on his skates. He 
was good at it. Confident, unafraid. He stopped beside her, breathless, taking both her cold 
hands in his, with a teasing smile. 
“Now it’s your turn. Don’t worry,” he promised. “I won’t let you fall.” 
He always brought first dates to the rink. It was a great way of getting physical without getting slapped in the 
face. And he’d like to get to know Sarah a lot better. She was a great looking girl. Beautiful almond shaped 
eyes, long, straight, shiny hair... 
“You’re a natural,” he smiled, gripping her elbows as she skidded dangerously. 
“Liar,” she giggled. 
Her feet were out of control, supermarket trolley style. If Mark let go of her now, she’d be on her butt, in a 
puddle, totally humiliated. But she was suddenly so close to him that she didn’t really care. 
He drove her home right through the centre of town with the hood down, singing along to a tape of the Judes 
last gig. He had a seriously sexy voice. It sent little shivers all down her body. 
“Why don’t you sing on stage?” she yelled above the noise of the car. 
“The other guys won’t let me. Too afraid of the competition,” he beamed. 
“So start your own band?” 
“Nah,” shrugged Mark. “I like being in the Judes. We’re rehearsing some of my new songs tomorrow night. 
Come and listen.” 
“I’ll bring my camera,” she nodded. “Get some shots for the new gig poster.” And a few private snaps for her 
own collection. 
“How are your ankles?” he shouted. 
Puffing up like two inflatable life-rafts. But it was worth the pain. They hadn’t done much talking, but kissing 
on ice - wow! Every girl should try it! It was unbelievably exciting. 
She couldn’t wait to give Kate and PJ the juicy details. 
Joe was waiting outside Pizza Palace, with a big smile. He should smile more often, Kate thought. He looked 
kind of sweet with dimples. 
She crossed the road slowly, letting him get a good long look at her clingy new shirt. 
“I hope those lips are ready for another snogging session.” She stopped before him, touching his face gently. 
“I can’t make any promises, Kate.” He’d remembered her name. Amazing. “Shall we go in?” 
“What’s the big rush?” She grabbed him round the waist and pulled him into a shadowy shop 
doorway. “You should never eat pizza with cold lips. It gives you indigestion. Didn’t they 
teach you that in biology?” 
Joe shook his head. “I would have remembered.” He kissed her softly. 
“Urgh! Joe!” she gasped, pushing him away. “What have you been eating?” 
“I had some garlic bread for lunch . . . 
“Well, kissing is definitely off the menu,” she sighed, reapplying her lipstick. She hated garlic. 
Sarah was right. They’d have to talk to each other instead. Still, maybe there was more to Joe than floppy hair 
and warm lips. He could turn out to be her perfect man. And it was a good opportunity to ask some personal 
questions. Starting with details about his ex-girlfriends. 
“So are the rumors true?” she said, as the waiter showed them to a table in the corner of Pizza Palace. “About 
you, Janey and the last bus home from town?” 
“Who told you that?” Joe looked embarrassed. “Don’t believe everything you hear.” 
Typical. Lads could gabble on for hours about football and cars, but when it came to previous snogging 
partners, they were useless. 
“Well, we have to talk about something.” She squeezed onto the seat beside him, playing with his shiny hair. 
“Tell me what you know about Conrad and Mark.” 
“Nothing,” Joe shrugged, picking up a menu. 
OK, so he didn’t want to talk. Non-verbal communication could be just as much fun. More, if she did it right. 
She slipped off her sandal, and tickled his bony ankle with her bare toes. 
Joe blushed and looked round in a panic. “Kate, what are you doing?” 
“Checking for a pulse,” she teased, trying out his other ankle. 
He squirmed out of reach. Kate was drop dead gorgeous, but sometimes she went way over the top. 
“I don’t believe it,” Kate hissed, suddenly ducking behind a menu. 
Mish, the bitch from hell, was heading straight for their table. Black hair flying like a witch on broomstick. Why 
couldn’t she go and ruin somebody else’s date? 
“So ...” Mish pulled up a chair and sat down, helping herself to a bread stick. “You two are an item now?” 
“Yeah, and three’s a crowd,” Kate snapped. “So if you’ve finished being nosey 
She gave them a sickly smile. “Sorry, didn’t know I was interrupting.” 
“Sure you did,” Kate sighed. Mish was one long interruption in her life. “Who are you here with anyway?” she 
asked. “An imaginary friend?” 
“One of your ex-boyfriends, actually. But then you’ve had so many, you probably don’t 
recognize faces.” 
Kate gave her a sarcastic smile. “You’re just jealous because I can get a date without using a blindfold.” 
“Yeah, right.” Mish stood up, blowing out the candle on their table. “Save it for someone who thinks you’re 
funny.” 
What was it Kate’s horoscope had said? “Sparks fly at a dinner date?” She’d been saving her sparks for Joe. But 
with sour face Mish hanging around, romance was impossible. 
Maybe Joe would loosen up on a group date? Kate had the perfect place in mind. 
“You realize we could get arrested for doing this,” Sarah grinned, wriggling into a corny position on her beach 
towel. “Your two minutes are up.” She grabbed the toy binoculars out of Kate’s hands. “It’s my turn.” 
Kate had bought the binoculars in town. “To study wildlife at the beach.” Sarah should have guessed she wasn’t 
talking about seagulls and jellyfish. Mark, Joe and Conrad were the only life forms they’d been studying. 
“Are the lads still playing volleyball?” Kate lay back in the warm sand, soaking up some sun. 
“Joe’s serving. Conrad’s moving in for a point. 
No wait . . .” Sarah giggled, excitedly, “he’s taking his top off.” 
“Oh my God!” Kate shrieked crawling onto Sarah’s towel. “Let me see. 
PJ squeezed in between them both. Conrad was always going topless. At footie matches and basketball 
practice - any excuse to get his pectorals out in public. 
“Conrad’s so brown,” Kate sighed. Joe was more of a pinky color. And Mark was so luminous white that he 
could warn shipping off the rocks at night. 
“Has Mark written you a ballad yet?” Kate jabbed Sarah playfully in the arm. “Or have you been too busy 
exploring each other’s dental work?” 
“What do you think?” giggled Sarah. 
Mark had played three of his new songs at rehearsals the other day. “Shock-a-holics”, “Head Shrinker”, and 
“Aliens Shop at Spaceways.” 
Not exactly ballad material. But it was early days yet. And sensitive love songs couldn’t be rushed. 
“Conrad’s won the game,” PJ informed them, munching on an apple. “Joe’s laughing about something. I 
thought you said he was quiet, Kate?” She sat up suddenly in a panic. “Quick, they’re coming back. What do I 
do with these?” 
Kate grabbed the binoculars and hid them under her beach towel. Just in time. 
“Hey, girls!” Mark collapsed in the sand beside them, looking hot and sweaty. “What’s the big joke?” 
“You wouldn’t believe me if I told you,” said Kate, pushing the binoculars discreetly into the sand with her 
elbow. 
the game so he’s paying.” 
“Anyone fancy walking up the beach for an ice-cream?” Conrad towered above them. “Joe lost - 
Sarah grabbed her shades. “You’ve twisted my arm. 
Kate watched them wandering along the water’s edge. No wonder PJ fancied Conrad. With a body like that, 
who cared if he had brains? You c9uld spend weeks admiring his leg muscles, before worrying about little 
things like mental ability. 
“You and Joe went to that new club in town last night?” Mark said, interrupting her thoughts. “What’s it 
like?” 
“Wild and crazy,” she joked. 
Actually, they’d left well before midnight. Joe hated the music. And his dancing ... She’d never seen 
anything like it. Face frowning, buttocks clenched, as if he’d found wet sand in his boxers. 
“Has Sarah done your rune stones yet?” Kate yawned, propping herself up on one elbow to face Mark. 
“No.” He looked worried. “Does it hurt?” 
“That depends,” chipped in PJ. Winking at Kate, on the size of the runes.” 
Mark nodded, rubbing sand out of his hair. “And does she always go on about dreams and stuff?” 
“Always,” Kate giggled. “She says dreams can unravel your deepest secrets and desires.” 
Mark tried to hide a smile. “Mine don’t need much unraveling.” 
Kate could believe it. Mark was easier to read than alphabetic spaghetti. When he looked at Sarah he was 
either confused or horny. 
He lay back in the sand, covering his face with his T-shirt. “Wake me up when it’s time to go.” 
As soon as he’d closed his eyes, PJ sprawled out alongside Kate. 
“You haven’t said much about Joe?” she whispered. “Is everything OK with you two?” 
Kate shrugged. “I guess so. He’s just a bit 
It was difficult to explain. Joe was so good-looking, and a fantastic kisser. It had taken her weeks to grab his 
attention. But now that she had him, she wasn’t really sure she wanted him. 
“Kate?” PJ was watching her, concerned. “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing.” She took a bite out of PJ’s apple and rolled onto her back. “Joe’s a real cutie.” 
But was he cute enough? 

