## The Big Snog ##

PJ checked her lipstick in Shelley’s bathroom mirror, and messed up her dark bob. Bouncy dance tunes were 
drifting up through the floorboards from downstairs. 
It was nine thirty. Still no sign of Kate and Sarah. Typical. If she stayed in the bathroom until they turned up, 
the party would be over. And things were beginning to get interesting. So why miss out? 
She dodged several snogging couples on the stairs and pushed her way into the kitchen, 
where some guys from college were toasting their trainers in the microwave. The smell was 
disgusting - like sweaty popcorn and drains. 
She dived straight out again and onto the patio to find Shelley. Or anyone else with a mental age above three 
and a half. 
She didn’t see Conrad until he brushed past her, letting his hand linger gently round her waist. 
“Hey PJ.” His wide, sexy smile gave her instant goose-bumps. “Catch you later, maybe?” 
“Sure, later,” she smiled back. 
The six-foot sport-mad spunk looked even more gorgeous on a footy field in a pair of shorts. Unfortunately, 
she wasn’t the only girl to notice. Half the college would kill to give his muscly legs a quick rub down with a 
sponge. 
Conrad knew it too. He loved the attention. PJ wasn’t blind. She’d seen him flirting with his girlie fan club 
on the touch-line at football practice. 
She usually fancied much quieter guys. But what was a girl supposed to do? Ignore that body? Totally out of 
the question. Especially as she had him all to herself every Tuesday and Thursday morning, in Business Studies. 
They sat so close together that she could smell his toothpaste. 
It would have been easy to scribble her phone number on his folder with a cute message. But PJ had a better 
plan. 
She let him gab about football and laughed at his dismal jokes. She sussed out his timetable 
and made certain he caught a quick glimpse of her between classes. Close, but just out of 
reach. 
She left him always wanting more. And it worked. When she walked into a room at college, he noticed. She 
glanced over her shoulder to see if he was noticing her now. And caught Mash’s eye instead. 
Mish, super-cow of the sixth form. Mega-bitch extraordinaire. How did she get a party invite? 
“So little Miss Sporty Pants . . .” Her obnoxious voice made PJ cringe. “What’s with the sudden interest in 
footie?” Mish gawped over at Conrad. “Got anything to do with a certain sexy player?” 
PJ shrugged. “Think what you like.” 
Conrad was a secret. Not even Kate and Sarah knew. Mish was just guessing. Trying to stir things up. It was 
like she had radar or something. It gave PJ the creeps. She ducked past Mish back into the house, before Conrad 
overheard. 
Kate and Sarah were in the hall. About time too. PJ tried to warn them, but it was too late. Mish appeared 
behind her. 
“What on earth is she wearing?” Kate whispered. Crusty old jeans and a tiny top, with her belly trapped 
between the two. Like when you bite into a vanilla slice and the custard squirts out. 
“Gross!” Sarah gasped. 
Mish tossed her shiny black bob, laughing loudly at Kate’s skimpy frock. “I didn’t know this was a fancy-dress 
party.” 
“So why did you come as Dracula~” Kate snapped. 
Mish barged past them up the stairs. “Doesn’t she ever take a break from bitching?” Sarah hissed. 
“Only when there’s a full moon,” PJ giggled. “And then she turns into a vampire bat.” 
“Nothing that a personality transplant wouldn’t fix,” Kate chipped in, adjusting her boots. “Is Joe here yet?” 
PJ pointed to the lounge. “Last seen heading for the snacks.” 
“Perfect.” Kate smoothed a long stray hair into place, grinning like a cat about to get the cream “I’m going after 
him. Wish me luck, girls.” 
“Luck’s got nothing to do with it,” Sarah whispered. PJ had to agree. When Kate fancied a lad, he didn’t stand a 
chance. 
Kate peered round the heaving lounge. Joe looked even more luscious than usual in jeans and a plain long
sleeved top. She intended to grab him quickly. Before somebody else did. 
She pushed past the footy team and sat next to him on the sofa. It was a tight squeeze. Just the way Kate liked it. 
“Great party,” she yelled above the thumping house music. He nodded and turned towards her. 
“Not enough food.” Typical lad reaction. Stomach first. Snogging later. 
He suddenly leant closer, holding his floppy hair Out of his gorgeous blue eyes. Maybe he was going to say 
something cute after all. Like, “Kate, I need you. I can’t fight it any longer. Take me on that love train to Snog 
City Central.” Fat chance. 
“I’m going on a food hunt,” he shouted in her ear. “Want to come, Cody?” 
She thumped him hard on the arm. “It’s Kate, Dumbo.” 
Ready and willing? Joe wasn’t even lukewarm. What did a girl have to do? 
PJ left Sarah talking to her arty mates at the top of the stairs. Conrad had promised to catch 
her later. Well, it was later now, and PJ was ready to be caught. 
She wandered onto the balcony at the back of Shelley’s bedroom. She could see the whole massive garden 
below. But no sign of Conrad. 
She’d left it too late. He’d already gone home, probably with another girl. 
“Looking for someone special?” 
“Conrad!” she gasped spinning round. “Don’t ever try that again.” 
“Sorry.” He wasn’t sorry at all. “What are you doing up here all alone? You missed the 
balloon basketball match.” 
“I’m heartbroken,” she smiled, sneaking a quick look at his amazing profile. 
He even had a sporty face, as if he’d just stepped out of a high tech trainer’s ad. Big brown eyes, square jaw, 
cute nose and snog-friendly lips. Even his cropped brown hair was perfect. 
He moved closer for a quick arm fondle. “Come and watch me play for real sometime. I’ll show you my 
slam dunk.” 
“Great.” PJ hated sport. But she could learn to like it. “I’ll leave a space free in my diary,” she laughed, 
suddenly shivering. 
Conrad took off his denim jacket, and put it over her clingy blue dress. “It looks kind of cute on you.” 
It was toasty and warm too. She could even smell his delicious aftershave. Pity he wasn’t inside it with her. 
Still, at least now she could get a better look at those shoulders. 
PJ wondered if she should mention that her lips were a tad chilly too, just to see if he offered to resuscitate 
them. But before she could speak, he slipped his arm smoothly round her shoulders, and suddenly, they were in 
lip-lock - dry roasted peanut flavor. 
Conrad snogged like he played footy, straight in for a clean tackle, no hesitation. 
“It’s cold out here,” he grinned when they came up for air. “Let’s go in for a dance. And keep each other 
warm. 
So everyone could see them together? PJ preferred copping off in private. But Conrad was already through 
the balcony doors, expecting her to follow. 
Kate glanced around the room. Conditions were perfect. The lounge was dark, cramped and sweaty. She’d 
persuaded Joe to dance. His body language was finally sending out imminent snog signals. One last nudge in the 
right direction and he’d be all hers. 
She grabbed his top with both hands and pulled him closer. “So how much longer do we have to smooch 
before you kiss me?” She brushed his lips gently. 
“Kate . . .” He hesitated, and then kissed her back. A full tongue sarnie. It was worth the wait. For a 
computer guy he was a pretty cool kisser. 
“I’ve got numb lips.” He grinned down at her, floppy hair hiding his eyes. “But it feels kind of nice.” 
At last she had him. Exactly where she wanted him. Wrapped snugly around her little finger. 
“Mission accomplished?” PJ suddenly appeared at her shoulder. Holding hands with Conrad! 
Kate guided Joe backwards to get a closer look at the happy couple, and trod accidentally 
on Mish. 
“Watch it, big bum.” 
“A mate of yours?” Joe laughed. 
Kate ignored her. She had more important things on her mind. Like PJ's new snogging partner. 
She twirled Joe round until she was dancing back to back with her friend. 
“When did this little love match kick off?” she hissed. 
“I’ll tell you later,” PJ teased. “Where did Sarah get to?” 
Kate shrugged. “I thought she was with you?” 
Sarah sat on the edge of the patio. The whole party had been a total disaster. Some moron had flicked greasy 
mayonnaise in her carefully arranged hair, and all down her expensive new skirt. And Mark hadn’t even 
bothered to show up. 
She’d had a feeling about tonight too. A sort of sixth sense that something amazing was going to happen. So 
much for instincts. 
She walked down the garden, hea4ing for the summer-house with its rainbow fairy lights. 
But somebody had beaten her to it. A figure darted for cover in the shadows as she opened the door. 
“Who’s there?” she whispered, getting ready to 
run. Suddenly, she knew exactly who was lurking in the darkness. Nobody else smelt like patchouli oil and 
chewing gum but Mark. 
“Sarah?” His voice was unmistakable too. Laid-back and teasing. 
“Come in quick, and close the door. I’m hiding.” 
“Who from?” Sarah crouched away from the light outside. 
“Samantha. My ex.” 
She could see him now. Sprawled across a bench with his bass guitar - he never went anywhere without it. 
He was wearing his usual scruffy jeans and a shirt that was way too small. Perfect bass player clothes. It gave 
him that super-sexy, just crawled out of bed look. 
“I was working on a new song for the Judes.” He grinned, strumming his guitar lazily. “Great poster you did 
for our last gig, by the way. The rest of the band loved it. Want to do another one?” 
“Sure. If I can squeeze it in.” Squeeze it in. Ha! She’d work on it day and night until it was perfect... “I 
should probably come and watch you rehearse again.” She unbuttoned her leather jacket, showing off her new 
skimpy top. “To get new poster ideas. 
Another two whole hours with the Judes. Heaven in a rehearsal room. Just like last time. Staring at Mark’s 
sexy green eyes and long dark lashes. 
“Any requests?” he patted his bass, giving her a cheeky, flirty grin that made her stomach 
flip over backwards. 
She could think of several requests. And they weren’t all songs. 
“Make something up. A love song. 
Mark looked uneasy. “You mean like a ballad?” He started picking out random notes and playing around 
with clumsy words. 
Sarah listened in a dream. She’d been doing her homework on Mark. His birthday was on February 10th. 
Which made him an individual, creative Aquarius. Bubbly, with a gentle, sensitive hidden side. Full of deep 
feelings and searching questions. And everyone knew bass players wrote the best songs, right? 
What Mark needed was a cool Taurus rock-chick to help him cope with the stresses of stardom. He could 
drive her to gigs in his car. Write her songs. And everyone would know she was part of the Judas tree crowd. 
Mark’s girlfriend. 
He stopped playing suddenly, stroking his stubbly chin. “Composing is kind of tricky if you’re not in the 
right mood. Fancy a walk instead?” 
There was a path behind the summer-house, running along the dark bushes at the bottom of the garden. 
“This is so spooky,” Sarah whispered. “Like everything’s alive.” 
The moonlight made strange shapes and giant shadows. She edged closer to Mark for safety. Only suddenly 
Mark wasn’t there. Sarah stopped and listened. 
“Mark?” she called, self-consciously. “This isn’t funny. Where are you?” 
Total scary silence. She jumped as the bush beside her started rustling and making ghostly sounds. A hand 
reached out and dragged her through the matted twigs and leaves. 
“Gotcha!” laughed Mark, pinning her gently against a tree and kissing her. Twice. Long and lingering. Exactly 
the way she’d imagined. Total snog heaven. Olympic standard. 
He stopped abruptly, checking his watch. “Uh-oh! Band meeting. I forgot. I should have been there twenty 
minutes ago.” He kissed her quickly and tumbled out of the bushes. 
“Wait!” Sarah yelled. He didn’t even have her phone number. 
She scrambled back into the garden, trying not to snag her clothes. But he’d already disappeared into the house. 
Great. 
What happened now? Did they ignore each other at college on Monday? Act like strangers? Pretend it never 
happened? Or start dating? 
Sarah sighed, completely confused. Monday morning was going to take a century to arrive. 
